the biggest and most prominent
individuals today are talking about one
thing energy and in this video I'm going
to break down everything that's
happening and the trends we need to be
aware of you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you in today's
video I want to talk about energy we're
going to look at electric vehicles and
batteries and technology and I think
it's really important to understand this
you may not be in favor of this you may
have your own opinions about this and
you can see what government's doing
about it all that we need to understand
is the trend because then we could see
where the money will follow if you want
to be a better investor if you want to
make the right decisions for yourself
and your family you've got to be aware
of the major macro Trends if you're you
know missing these little uh obscure
factors that you know come up that's a
different story but when we understand
these things I'm telling you it's going
to make a lot of sense I've got several
different topics within this topic to
cover here today so stick with me until
the end I'm going to talk about this
first proposed power grid upgrades
driven by VA data centers could cost
marylanders $500
million oh yeah you know that stuff
that's uh basically there to spy on you
yeah uh so what's happening here is we
need more and more and more data centers
this is going to be the next B it's
already a big big boom but it's going to
be even bigger even bigger boom data
centers need a few things they need
energy there's no question about that
and this is one perfect example they
have to upgrade the grid because of the
data center do you see that that's a
fact we know that I can always refer
back to that let's go let's move on okay
uh I can't pronounce that that City but
uh
lud looks ahead to small nuclear plants
industrial batteries that is key all
right now just understand here these are
the small nuclear plants there's the big
boys 10 years to complete the you know
think of like The Simpsons that's what I
always think of when you're thinking the
big um the big nuclear plants no no we
can have small nuclear plants they run
much more efficiently apparently they do
not suffer from the same problems of the
old style this means that you could now
have modular type reactors put them in
places you never could before and power
like create more power where it is
needed where it is needed you don't have
to you know be in the big city center in
the case of Ontario Ontario has a lot of
power okay because you're pull in from
nagra Falls Hydro power massively and
then you have a nuclear power plant east
of Toronto okay that nuclear plant did
uh leak a whole bunch of radioactive
isotopes into the drinking water uh for
a lot of people but hey don't worry
about it it was only a small amount so
they didn't even try to clean it up but
there's a lot of power going on there
and now what we have is maybe putting
putting them uh right where it's needed
not where there's an abundance of energy
right that's what's going on that would
be fantastic but then we have the
there's like the political side of it
and there's like um you know what's
what's happening on a wider scale
Europeans ditch Net Zero unaffordable
climate commitments have two left uh
leftist British parties racing to exit
stage left what's going to happen in
Europe uh we'll see they're basically
saying we can't meet this demand of Net
Zero we can't do it we have to use these
other energies or we're doomed we are
doomed but you know no question whether
it's Net Zero whether it's this date or
2030 is a 2050 all that stuff they're
going in that direction and they're
going to spend more money on it I think
that they have to slow down their plans
a lot and you know they'll have to give
in on on some way shape or form but what
they're going to do all these
governments seem like they're doing it
it's happening in France happening in
Canada US they're basically saying we're
going to go ahead with much more nucle
clear that's what I've seen
overwhelmingly I've been talking about
this channel a while every time I do a
video about this doesn't get the views
that some of the others do even though
this is like a very obvious trend that
I've been talking about since 2020 get
on that Trend at least be aware of
what's going on right major Australian
pension fund to restrict coal
Investments so as of July 1st it's on
the exclusion list you see what I'm
saying here coal is powering a lot it's
being used in places you know that it
was look at 2020 suddenly when
everything was restricted coal was used
more than ever before but this is
happening Obama had said we're going to
uh you know you want to have a Coal
Company where we're going to make you go
bankrupt
basically look at where the money is
going to and look where it's going away
from you could make money investing in
Coal but long term it's probably not a
good thing you know if you're trying to
do that in the United States or Canada
or
something you see what's happening here
the Australian pension fund is is
potentially taking money away from these
businesses that provide work and so on
but they're saying hey you got to start
a solar panel company that's what that's
what's Happening Here do you see this
this is all I'm connecting this all
together lower battery prices are
expected to eventually boost EV demand
what's happening today is that you
actually in most cases have to pay a
premium for an electric vehicle and what
they'll say is over a long period of
time you get the gas savings you're
going to be using the electricity it's
cheaper and so on uh that's what they're
saying so that is the you know the the
the person will say well you know if I
invest now then I'll save money long
term and whatever however if the cars
were
cheaper let's say the car you get a
regular gas car and now you're actually
getting like a let's say it was half the
price then you would say hm you know I
could save that money I'll just get this
electric vehicle all I'm doing is going
back and forth from work it's the same
Toyota Corolla or whatever so you know
what I'm going to just stick with this
electric car for now and I'll see how it
goes that's what's going to happen it's
going to take a while and a lot of
people will then go into it but of
course economies have scale and you know
it's kind of give and take but we'll see
what happens over the longer term okay
electric cars are dying fast and the
repair industry is lagging the demand
for mechanics who can take AP part a
battery pack and repair the dead cell
has vastly outstripped a supply so this
is a this is a problem people don't like
that they got they don't have all the
Chargers that they need like there's so
many things so this idea that we're like
going to be carbon neutral Net Zero
everything's got to be sustainable
uh by and they just make up a number is
it 2030 is it 2025 whatever it's not
going to happen it's not going to happen
but they're going to restrict your
output in the near future you have to
understand this they are going to
restrict they're going to give you a
carbon allowance carbon allotment the
governments are doing this right now
they're preparing it Belgium's ports are
drowning under a glut of Chinese
electric cars some are parked here for a
year or sometimes more due to China's
over capacity in production as it aims
to capture a quarter of the you European
electric vehicle Market uh they're
basically saying that there's just way
too much look at it look at that I mean
that's just one example um this is
actually in China but there's so many so
many out there and I think I have this
one as well eu's unwinable price war
with Chinese EVS summed up byd the
company's cars are 11 fold more
profitable in Europe versus China so in
China competition is super tight but in
Europe they can make them way cheaper
sell them in there and then um even with
tariffs on top of that so even if they
put a 20% tariff 30% tff it's still more
profitable for China to sell them Europe
so of course they're going to do that
they're just expanding their capacity
don't worry about it it'll sell hey will
we sell it in a year from now yeah just
make it let it sit out there whatever
okay because these are not the cars that
people carry you they want a beautiful
car this is just I need to get back and
forth from work that's all and so if
they
can you know consider that to be what
they want okay and they're going to do
that they're going to get it cheaper so
what's happening here I think it is very
clear what's going on is that
governments are trying to
get rid of the coals of the world in
respective countries okay they're
basically saying you can't invest in
that it doesn't matter how many jobs
there's there is there doesn't matter
the resources might be there tons of
that resource in that country no we're
not investing in it we're going to make
that a problem for you on the other end
what are they saying nuclear nuclear
nuclear
uranium since 2020 when I started
talking about this has been performing
EXT extremely well of course it has it
ups and downs along the way but why
overwhelmingly the governments are
getting into this and you know that
you're going to need a lot more because
if they want to power these Technologies
they're going to need not just some more
power they're going to need way more
power a data center for AI is using I
forget the number I believe I showed the
finance Friday crew
uh about this recently but they need I
think it's at least five times greater
energy
usage so you've got an issue if you're
trying to power that with the existing
grid you need to upgrade the grid all of
the technologies that are surrounding
this one technology like look okay you
could say uranium that's one way to play
it but you could start to look at all of
this what is being used around at the
data centers I talked about this uh to
the finance Friday crew gave um you know
more detail on that but the point is
you've got to start understanding where
the world is going you have your own
circumstances with your family yourself
that's different I'm talking about where
we're going uh with the governments and
what they're going to do regardless
whether we like it or not right okay
this right here is all about the the
live sessions that I do uh we've got
people coming in and they really are
really getting a wealth of information
uh and I appreciate everyone shout outs
to the finance Friday crew shout outs to
the business Sunday crew success Sundays
should we call it that okay success Som
dayss that's uh the alternate name thank
you everybody for being part of that I
just wanted to spend a second to talk
about that really really enjoy it um
whether whether you come live or whether
you're there
watching the recordings thank you for
that okay guys um I want to thank you
for being here as well but not just
today tomorrow too don't forget to come
back tomorrow hit that thumbs up on the
way out and I'll see you then take care